The software in this directory originated from 
outside the NSCL.  This file describes the license 
status of the files from this directory as it is known 
as of 4/23/2008.

The files 
notebook.tcl and tabnbook.tcl

Come from the source code for the book Effective
Tcl.  This source code is available for download
from http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/efftcl
with project admins that match the names of the 
authors but SF.net gives  no license.

Author contacted (Harrison):

Ron Fox wrote:
> I've got a package that makes use of the software above. 
> As you are one  of the holder of the copyright on the 
> software, and no redistribution terms and conditions 
> are described, and the sf.net page for efftcl lists no 
> license, I was wondering if there are specific redistribution
> terms and conditions that I must adhere to.
>
> Thanks,

Hi Ron,

Sorry this wasn't clear... at the time we were working on this there
wasn't much awareness of licensing issues, etc.

You can use the MIT license, which pretty much gives you permission
to redistribute freely without conditions.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License

Remember us if this makes you rich and famous!

Cheers,
Mark 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The files:
mwutil.tcl, tablelistSortByColumn.tcl tablelist.tcl and tablelistWidget.tcl

Support table like widgets.  They were written by Csaba Nemethi
and can be redistributed as long as the internal copy right notice
is retained and the following text is part of the re-distrbibution:


Multi-column listbox package Tablelist, version 4.8
Copyright (c) 2000-2007  Csaba Nemethi (E-mail: csaba.nemethi@t-online.de)

This library is free software; you can use, modify, and redistribute it
for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained
in all copies and that this notice is included verbatim in any
distributions.

This software is distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


